---
layout:     post
title:      Did Keijo!!!!!!!! Help Elect Donald Trump?
date:       2016-09-22 12:00:00
summary:    The alt-right infiltration of anime disguises the plight of Rural White Males through cute anime girls.
categories: anime politics fascism Keijo!!!!!!!! trump
---
## The alt-right infiltration of anime disguises the plight of Rural White Males through cute anime girls.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*Jmq0QRsmyqEzhkUiW-KDzw.png)

Nov. 9th, 2016 — thousands of people across America take to the streets to
protest Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton in the US presidential election.
CNN, MSNBC, The Young Turks, The New York Times, FiveThirtyEight all with somber
faces declare Trump to be the winner. Twitter and Facebook erupt with
#NotMyPresident and the phrase “literally shaking” starts to trend. CBS depicts
the thousands at the Hillary Clinton viewing party, all with sad faces, some
crying, and others leaving. Meanwhile, an assistant pours Alex Jones another
glass of champagne on national TV.

### The calm before the storm

Let’s roll time back a few days. Nearly all the polls showed Clinton ahead, and
whatever results depicted a Trump lead were tools of the alt-right and
unscientific. The USC/LATimes poll was just a tools for measuring trends in
voter preferences, and the IBD poll was funded by Republicans, and so should
obviously be discredited.

![RCP Poll](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*lbURelFAQxqxVzVeDSHD6g.png)
*RealClearPolitics shows only one poll predicting Trump to win the nomination*

Warriors vs Cavs? Rigged against Draymond Green. Cubs? Well baseball is most
luck anyways. Brexit? That was an anomaly, and even then pollsters weren’t
wrong, they were just misrepresented.[ Huffpo had Clinton leading Trump in 99%
of its simulations.
](http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-general-election-trump-vs-clinton)There
was just no way that Trump would defeat Hillary Clinton. The media didn’t think
he would win. The President didn’t think he would win. Facebook didn’t think he
would win. Reddit didn’t think would win. George Soros didn’t think he would
win. Julian Assange didn’t think he would win. Trump would never win, they said.

And they were all wrong. America has proven itself to be more misogynistic,
racist, and bigoted than anyone could have predicted it to be. We were all
wrong. Literally Hitler had been elected into office.

### What is *Keijo!!!!!!!!*??

*Keijo!!!!!!!!* made its debut on Oct. 6, 2016. In the anime, Keijo is a
fictional sport where scantily clad women attempt to push each other off
floating platforms in a pool using nothing but their (very well animated and
detailed) breasts and bums. *Keijo!!!!!!!!* tells the story of one girl*,
*Kaminashi Nozomi, a 17 year old aspiring gymnast who has one goal: to become
the richest Keijo athlete in the world. [While we can simply write this anime
off as just another misogynistic and deplorable attempt to objectify
women](http://www.kotaku.co.uk/2016/10/11/girls-fight-with-their-bums-and-boobs-in-this-deplorable-new-anime),
the true objective of *Keijo!!!!!!!!* is far more sinister.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*qVTeHLKvBPxshRP08yr5hQ.jpeg)
*Some of the most racist and sexist states (Georgia, Mississippi, and Trump’s
home state of New York) make up *Keijo!!!!!!!!*’s largest audiences.*


The anime is available on the streaming service Crunchyroll in subtitled form
only, and even if you don’t understand Japanese you’ll recognize that
Kaminashi’s voice sounds out of the ordinary when in conversation with her
fellow classmates. The Kansai accent is understood among anime aficionados to be
a dialect used by hillbillies and the uneducated and Kaminashi sports her accent
loudly and proudly. She’s unapologetic and unreserved about her brash manners
and rural upbringing, unaware of the systemically racist mindset that she grew
up with.

### Who watches this crap?

Who is *Keijo!!!!!!!!* meant for? Some might say that it’s a show where guys get
to perv on teenage anime girls (a concept deplorable by its own right).
Advocates attempt to justify the existence of such a tasteless piece of garbage
by claiming that *Keijo!!!!!!!!* represents feminism as it not only features a
strong independent young woman who has her own dreams and inspirations, but
passes the [Bechdel test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bechdel_test) easily and
with flying colors.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&#39;Keijo&#39; offers something many TV series and movies do not: a passing grade on the Bechdel test. via <a href="https://twitter.com/William__Hicks?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@William__Hicks</a> <a href="https://t.co/MPhGkhrRVv">https://t.co/MPhGkhrRVv</a></p>&mdash; Heat Street (@heatstreet) <a href="https://twitter.com/heatstreet/status/786295145448804357?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 12, 2016</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

But are these really women who are interacting with women? How can such a sexist
anime pass the Bechdel test, the paragon of litmus tests for feminist
literature?

Because Kaminashi Nozomi is not a female. She might look like one. She might be
voiced by one. But Kaminashi Nozomi is not a woman. She does not represent all
that women want. She does not represent the strong independent businesswoman or
CEO. She does not represent the woman lawyer or the woman doctor. Rather,
Kaminashi Nozomi is all that’s wrong with society, the *White Male.*

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*nwDKUwiE0cPv0ORJCLb1zg.jpeg)
*Rural White Males show their support for a racist bigot*


### The White Male

The *White Male* is deplorable. That isn’t a question. The *Rural White Male*
cares only about themselves. The *White Male* does things for themselves. The
*White Male* dreams the American Dream, eventually hoping to make it big through
competition and knocking people off the totem pole of society to squeeze their
way up to the top. To the *White Male*, what matters is the end result, not how
many they’ve oppressed to get there.

And that is who Kaminashi Nozomi is. Keijo is not a sport where losers are
treated well. It’s a sport where one quite literally sinks everyone else to be
at the top. Other ‘girls’ in *Keijo!!!!!!!!* have dreams. They have aspirations.
They have goals in life. Kaminashi’s goal? To get the money, regardless of the
ambitions of others.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*58fOldWyuRI8NueUgW8kTw.jpeg)

Only a *White Male* would have such ambitions. Only a *White Male* would be ok
with crushing the dreams of thousands of young kids in search of riches. Not a
woman.

> Kaminashi is not a woman. She’s a deplorable — a White Male.

### Signaling

*Keijo!!!!!!!!*’s main character is a bold signal to those on the alt-right. Do
whatever you want to get to the top.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*LrA5EF-naiH6-qRHOpFcpA.jpeg)
*Ujibe-sensei (middle) sports a shirt with the symbol of 4chan, host to the
infamous neo-Nazi forum /pol/ — politically incorrect, sending a direct message
to the alt-right for bigotry and racism*

In fact, upon closer examination, Kaminashi appears to be Donald Trump. From the
beginning, the press were all calling her a nobody. She was shunned and said to
be of no importance. Reporters called her success a stroke of luck. Others
laughed at her. She’s rude, uneducated, arrogant, and braggadocious.

> Remember, Huffington Post had Trump polling at less than 1% for the Republican
> nomination in 2015.

Kaminashi serves as a reminder to all White Males —it’s okay to push other
people off the platform for personal gain. As long as you win in the end, that
is. Do whatever you want.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*tEymZFW2CX5qwipLXtV1-g.jpeg)
*This Pepe the Frog meme, a tool of the alt-right, illustrates how men will do
anything to achieve their sexist goals*

### The Bad Guys

As a male viewer, you are expected to identify with Kaminashi. *Keijo!!!!!!!!*
*makes you sympathize with Kaminashi, a “poor rural girl coming from a poor
rural community with large dreams”, without you realizing how regressive these
“poor rural communities” tend to be in real life. You are led to believe in the
White Male’s journey. You are led to believe that the Elites are the enemy.

Throughout *Keijo!!!!!!!!*, Kaminashi stresses the importance of defeating those
more Elite than her. But who are the Elites?

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*S9TLh76YCYeFNRvkGuYnVw.jpeg)
*Kawai from the Elite Class mentions how she prefers being “with the common
people” rather than her smug group of stuck-ups.*

The Liberals, the Democrats, the Blue side. It’s the Liberal Elite who’s the
enemy. You the White Male are the good guy, and them the Liberal Elite are the
enemy. Not only that, you are made to believe that even if you are part of the
Liberal Elite, it’s not too late to change. Red is good. Blue is bad. The
Regular People (who in actuality are racist, bigoted, evil White Males) are
preferable to the smugness of the Liberal Elite. The Regular People are honest
workers, honest students, and honest people. You should strive to be a Regular
Person. If you aren’t, you’re evil, evil, evil.

Until you overthrow the Elite, that is. Then you’ll be a force of good again.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*mZVclBhq_PnCm2w1rIhzFQ.jpeg)
*Donald Trump wants to Drain The Swamp, only to replace it with his own ilk.*

Just like Donald, Kaminashi attempts to push the Liberal Elites off their golden
pedestals by replacing them with the students from the regular class. You are
led to believe that somehow, these Regular People would be more moral, more
correct, more just than the evil, evil Liberal Elites that run the institution.
You, who has been brainwashed into identifying with these Regular People,
believe that even if you regress back into the position of a Liberal Elite
you’ll still be a more honest and ethical person than anyone else. No, you are
more honest and ethical because you took this journey.

![](https://i.imgur.com/AT0jTmd.jpg)
*Milo Yiannopoulos, infamous alt-right Nazi and pedohile holding a Keijo!!!!!!!! sign at a white power rally*

### The Fallout

[As of January 2016, Crunchyroll had over 20 million
accounts](http://www.forbes.com/sites/laurenorsini/2016/01/13/crunchyroll-leads-by-example-the-future-of-streaming-video-is-niche/#fa16c317d9cd).
Over 75% of their viewers are millennials, the voters Hillary desperately tried
to win over. *Keijo!!!!!!!!* is one of their most popular shows this Fall anime
season.

How many of them have been brainwashed? How many of them were deceived by
*Keijo!!!!!!!!*, and either consciously or unconsciously decided to forgo the
polls just this time? What part of the population was tricked by this
deplorable, deplorable cartoon?


![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*W0ZT1LtN_NosMtIiLrR9Bg.jpeg)

*With such a small difference in the popular vote in certain battleground states,
a piece of propaganda such as *Keijo!!!!!!!!* could have changed the winner of
the election.*

Unfortunately it will be impossible to know.

There’s only one thing we can do as proper citizens of America who are against
Islamophobia, homophobia, bigotry, fascism, and quite literally Nazis.

Spread the word out. Retweet this article. Share it to your social justice
minded friends. Go write to your representative today and ask them to ban
*Keijo!!!!!!!!* from the internet in your state today. Contact [Crunchyroll
](http://www.crunchyroll.com/help?topic=contact)and tell them that this sort of
bigotry will not be permitted in this country.

We will not let *Keijo!!!!!!!!* ruin America any further.

It’s time to take action.

### [Cecil Sudo](https://medium.com/@sudo_seshiru)

Canadian Lawyer specializing in Japanese Criminal Law
